P and not P is valid.
That is, it's true when P is true because of this,
and it's true when P is false because of this clause.
P and not P is unsatisfiable.
The symbol can't be both true and false at the same time.
P or Q, or P is equivalent to Q is valid.
So, we know that it's true when either P or Q is true.
So that's three out of the four cases.
In the fourth case,
both P and Q are false,
and that means, P is equivalent to Q.
And therefore, in all four cases, it's true.
P implies Q or Q implies P, that's also valid.
Now, in ordinary English, that wouldn't be valid.
If the two clauses or the two symbols,
P and Q, were irrelevant to each other,
we wouldn't say that either one of those is true.
But in logic, one of the other must be
true according to the definitions of the truth tables.
And finally, this one is more complicated.
If food then party,
or if drinks then party,
implies if food and drinks, then party.
You can work it all out and both sides of
the main implication work out to be equivalent to not food or not drinks or party.
So that's the same as saying P implies P. Saying one side is equivalent the other side,
and if they're equivalent, then the implication relation holds.